Week1:
- Discussed and collaborated with the group regarding which project and features we wanted to implement.

- 18/02: Write user stories for three features of our stock portfolio management tool

- 19/02: Write problem background, project purpose & features


Week2:
- Discussed with group on finalising the minimum 8 features/functions. Discussed structure of the system architecture and which services/languages we would use. 

- 28/02: Wrote and modify the existing user stories, polished acceptance criteria.
- Add user stories for recommendation part of the project

Week3:
- 05/03: Make changes to project purposes/features
- 06/03: add user stories and acceptance criteria for Alert Epic. Update user stories and write Acceptance criteria for Sentiment analysis, prediction, Alert, Recommendation part of the project.
- 07/03: write description for graph epic and add acceptance criteria for user stories.

Week4:
Discussed projects models with members. Write python files for models.
Add simple implementation of stock API. This feature is implemented on git branch called stock_api.

Week5:
Present the demo and implement sentiment analysis stories by using model from VadarSentiment, LSTM model from IMDB review

Week6:
Implement Deep learning model based on IMDB review dataset from keras

Week7:
Implement additional SVC model trained on online dataset. Saved all trained models locally
Research News API and apply sentiment analysis functions to the scraped stock news

Week8 / Week9:
1. Conduct research stock API  and discussed with member about pulling history data of stocks from API and display in graph
2. Refine the proprecessing functions of each sentiment models
3. Initiate and have a meeting with team member about implementing the stock information page
3. Write functions that pulls data from stock api that will be displayed in graph for frontend
4. Merge sentiment analysis functions into the project and update requirements.txt
5. Prepare slides about sentiment analysis for the final demo

Week10:
1. Fix the error in news_sentiment.py and retrained the sentiment analysis model
2. Implement news scraping techniques. This is the backup plan for News API functionality
3. Prepare slides for sentiment analysis part of the project and presenti demo for this part
4. Discussed with team member about final report and code submission.
5. Help team members to write every part of the report
