Week01
Our group is formed in this week and the team name is 'Stock Overflow'.
We created Jira account and linked it to Github.
We decided our topic would be 'Portfolio management system' since this topic sounds a little bit chanllenging and we would like to have a try.
We created a google doc for the proposal and will collaborate on that for few weeks.

Week02
We talked with the tutor about our project topic and finnally decided to choose it.
We started working on the proposal and I wrote some user stories in the proposal.
We formed a meeting on Sunday and talked about the libraries & APIs we might have to use in the project.

Week03
I add more user stories to the proposal and also wrote some acceptance cretiria for them.
I talked about the form of acceptance cretiria with others during the meeting and finnally decide to use the form as below.
'Given that I am ..., when..., I will...'
I wrote some comments based on others' work and we talked about these and modified some of them.

Week04
I watched some tutorials about Django on youtube and tried to implement the sign-up & sign-in part.
Since Rudy and Regine were also implementing that at that time, I decided to implement the graph part.
I retrived the historical data from IEX API and presented them on a graph by utilizing the matlibplot.

Week05
We had a demo this week and I presented the graph part to the tutor.
I am still looking for some other ways to reimplement the graph part since our graph is not that fancy.

Week06
Regine found a good API on frontend that it can present a good graph based on the historical data stored in json file,
so I stops working on the graph part.
I started to work on the price prediction part and I was thinking I can combine this with sentiment analysis(Done by Dino)
to make a recommendation system.

Week07
I did the price prediction based on a notebook on Kaggle and it gave me so much useful thoughts.
I analysed the stock data we had and decided to make the prediction based on the data in past 20 days.
I had not find a way to retrive the real-time data from IEX API so I temporarily used the local-stored data of Tesla to do the prediction.

Week08/09
I have found a way to retrieve the real-time historical data from IEX API so I modified my functions to give the most updated prediction results.
I merged the prediction part into our main project and it works well on that.
I created a new vitual environment and added all the libraries we need to the requirements.txt.
I made the slides for price prediction part and would present them in Week10's final demo.
